2)
Introduction:
You open the pub doors and walk into the familiar aroma of booze, food, and common chatter. You take a seat at the bar and ask the bartender for a pint of mead and where a vagabond may find work in this part of town. Overhearing your question, a man on the other side of the bar inquires your skills as a warrior. 

“I got a job for you if you know how to swing a sword and keep your nose to the ground.” 

Surely a reasonable request of someone such as yourself.

The town leader has offered to pay you twenty gold to investigate a string of recent missing persons in the city of Gloomhaven. After further investigation, you discover that all the recent missing persons were traveling merchants who regularly traveled near the Overgrown Graveyard.

- - - 1 - - -
You visit the overgrown graveyard surrounding the area to discover why people go missing when traveling near it. When near it, a group of living undead surprise attack you, but you still manage to fend them off. 

Conclusion:
Once safety had been reached, you’re able to analyze everything that happened. It seems that the Overgrown Graveyard undead have become expanding to the outside region surrounding it. You return to the town leader to inform him of your findings and collect your reward.

 

3) 
Introduction:
You make your way to the town leader and report to him your findings. He is surprised to hear the rise in undead has grown so much they are expanding outside of the Overgrown Graveyard due to that being unprecedented. He offers you 50 gold to clear out the overgrown graveyard to stop the attacks.

- - - 1 - - -

You start to travel to the Overgrown Graveyard, but right before arriving you are stopped by a group of bandits. They demand all of your belongings or you will be killed. 
You engage in a battle with them & slaughter all but one, informing you that the bandit leader & their large gang will get revenge before managing to escape. 

Conclusion:
You realize that the rise in undead has likely been caused by this gang slaughtering merchants regardless of them being compliant in order to keep them silent.
