Stefan
6) You arrive at the hideout in the dead of night. You see two bandits at the first room and slaughter them both. You continue through the additional rooms slaughtering all bandits you see on the way. In the final room, you find the bandit leader and slaughter him as well. You then return to the town leader to collect your pay. The families of some of the merchants later thank you for avenging their loved ones.

Introduction:

The pale moonlight illuminates the otherwise pitch-black, dense forest. You dare not use a lantern or torch lest the bandits have posted guards outside their hideout. You trudge down a narrow ravine. Out of the corner of your eye you see a small light. Nearly 50 meters away, you see two bandit guards huddled around a small flame trying to keep warm.

You decide to sneak closer to the bandits and attempt to eavesdrop on their conversation. Listening carefully, you learn that the bandit leader, known as Corbin Scarface, has a guard of about 8 other bandits within the underground hideout. The bandits are mostly unarmored and have daggers for weapons, but a bandit captain has leather armor and a long sword. Corbin, himself, is unarmored but has a magic knife which inflicts deep wounds (extra damage) on those unlucky enough to face him in combat.

You have a choice: you can attempt to distract the bandit guards and lure them away from the entrance, you can attempt to bribe them if you have any gold, or you can attempt to kill them silently to avoid alerting those in the hideout.
(25% chance of success) You throw a stone down the path, the guards jump up and look around. “What was that?!” one murmurs. They might walk off to investigate the noise(25%) or they might decide to stay(75%).
(50% chance of success if you have 10 gold, 100% chance if you have 20 gold). “Psst” you alert the guards. They draw their weapons. “My fight is not with you,” you explain, “My fight is with you boss. Take this gold and spend it in town.”
(90% chance of silenting killing the guards, 10% chance they yell out and alert the others inside). You approach the guards silently along the edge of the ravine. You draw your weapon silently and get to work.
—1—
If you dispatched the bandits without alerting those inside, you silently enter the hideout. In the front room, four bandits are gathered around a table, drinking and gambling. One of the two bandit captains is at the head of the table. They do not see you enter. You prepare for combat.

If the bandits outside cried out, the bandits inside are inside waiting for you. “Bring it on!” yells the captain.

—2—
After killing the bandits in the front room, the remaining bandits know that you are inside their hideout. Within the innermost room, Corbin and the bandit survivors await for you. You open the heavy oak door and face them. Corbin smiles and says, “Ahh, welcome to our base. You must be trying to steal our hard-earned treasure. You can have it, over our dead bodies!”

—Conclusion—
With Corbin and the bandits dead you recover some of the town’s stolen loot. On the floor, you see a crumpled letter in what you assume to be Corbin’s loot stash. You pick up the letter and look at it. It’s a series of symbols in what you assume to be some sort of code. Returning to Gloomhaven, you tell the townspeople of the hideout’s location so they can recover what is theirs. You spot the town leader. He smiles at you, thanks you for your service, and pays the 100 gold that was promised. Now it’s time to figure out what this letter means…
