Introduction:
You approach the gates of the city, looking for a fresh start. The guards stop you, asking for whence you came and your reasons for entering. You explain yourself well enough to the guards to allow yourself entry into the city, and also inquire for directions to the nearest pub. From wherever you came from, the town does not really mind your background, for here you are a nobody. You look around and see the surrounding races: humans, Quatryl, Savvas, Inox, and Valraths. Through closer inspection you can also find some Vermlings scampering about or a few Orchid groups keeping to themselves. As with most starting adventures, the best place to get a lead is usually the pub. Seeing as you are fresh from your journey and have no real reputation in the city, this is an easy way to begin your stay in Gloomhaven.


Introduction:
Returning to the Overgrown Graveyard, you find yourselves looking for the bandit’s camp in the graveyard. Looking around, you find some scratches along some of the tombstones, indicating a marked path. The scratches lead you to a small tomb, and noticing a small gap in the stone, you notice a stairwell leading underneath. 

The path down the stairwell is dark, and often you find yourself trying to feel for a step as you descend. Looking below, you catch a small glimpse of light from a torch, a sign that you have reached the end of the darkness. You approach a makeshift door, and begin to overhear a few voices chatting from behind the plank.

Leaning in to eavesdrop, the door falls down, revealing yourselves to the bandits as they take a defensive stance.

“Who the hell you be, climbing down tombs in the middle of the night?” the bandit says, pointing his weapon towards you. Another bandit runs down a small corridor as the rest begin to approach you.

“Boss surely wasn’t expecting anyone tonight, so you must be doing a trespass. I’m sure he be ok with killing first and asking the questions later.”

---1---

Pushing open a thick stone door, you find yourself looking amongst a line of graves, lining both sides of the corridor. You hear some chanting in the back, accompanied by the scuttle of boots moving along the floor towards the back of the tomb. The chanting ends as you hear a wretched scream echoing from the back, as you begin to see the thin stone walls crumble before you, revealing the residents behind them. 

Conclusion:

You breathe a sigh of relief as you stand in the darkness of the tomb, the last souls of the living amongst the chaos. You search the remains of the bandits and what appears to be a cultist, piled beneath some of the recently revived corpses. Rummaging through their belongings and ill-gotten goods, you find a small map with the words “hideout” leading into the forest. This must be where the bandits must be stashing all of their stolen goods, and where the mastermind behind this operation must be planning his next move.
